Intro
Come on, now
Take care with the matress
Debo! Comme on, follow me
Carry the chair properly
don't let it get scratched!
Be careful, okay.
Come on lets go!
Take care with that chair, please.
(Debo bids farewell to his childhood friend, Amaka
He gives he his favorite toy)
Intro of cast...
Hi boss
Hey, how are you?
This is for the Bensons
That's for a detached bungallow
For 3-bedrooom flats...
A generator room...
A garage that can accomodate 1 or 5 cars
...and a compound that is about half a plot
Wow! that the size of an estate.
Yes, boss
awaiting your inspection
You mean.. they're now ready?
Yes, they are. They're on their way
They should be there in an hour
Okay
Let me send this mail...
Girls, that movie was very interesting
Which movie
The one we saw today
That movie was so boring...
The only thing that saved it was that funny actor
Busayo! Don't be so harsh.
The movie had other good actors
Well that's your own opinion.
Hey Jane, what do you think?
Well, you know I'm not interested in movies
Why are you looking at me like that?
Just look at her!
Boring girl!
(A knock on the door)
Let me get the door
Hello ladies!
(Busayo teases Sola)
Should I get you a drink
No, I'm fine.
I just stoped by to say hello
This is for you
Thank you
I really appreciate this
You bought only one gift!
Busayo, common let go
No, I want my own gift too
Okay Busayo.
I'll get you yours, I promise
Fine boy!!
The last set of people that were promised
they're still in the hospital!
Hmm. Tell her.
Look, I do not fail to keep my promises
Okay, Jane.
Just so I don't get crucified I'll get yours too
Okay, I have to be on my way now
I tought you came to spend a bit of time with us
Maybe I should have.
But then I was almost not allowed by Busayo to sit
Anyway, I'm just joiking
I have to be on my way now though
(Jane and Busayo bid Sola farewell, Amaka sees him off)
(Sola wants to say something but he's toungtied)
Do you want to say something?
(Sola stutters)
You must be very tired
You need to go home and rest
Okay
Bye
(Sola hesitates)
Bye!
(Amaka mutters)
What's wrong with this guy?
(The girls giggle as Amaka returns)
Why are you girls laughing
Whats funny?
Babe, you mean the whole drama that just unfolded
between you and Sola is not enough to make me laugh?
Even me I dont understand Sola
But I hope I will someday
Don't worry God will help you
The man is a mystery
Amen, amen
Well let me go and get something to eat
(Sola is rehersing what he wants to say to Amaka)
Each time I set my eye on you...
Everytime we're together I...
Amaka...
Amaka please...
How ever it...
I want you to see my heart
and what I feel for you
...come rain, come sunshine
you're the woman I will always want yo be with
dont you see how much I really
want to spend the rest of my life with you?
(Debo is driving along and enjoying some music)
Let me tell you something
I'm not in the right frame of mind now
I wish things were the other way round
It would have been better...
Look!
Look at that!
Now that's a fine girl!
You know what?
Watch a master at work!
(David goes to chat with the lady)
This guy is damn crazy!
How does this work?
Wow!
What? Even a hug?
(Amaka is waiting for a Sola)
Hello beautiful!
Hello!
Hi.
Where are yo headed?
Debo!
Amaka!!
Adebowale Ademola!
Is this you?
Oh yes, its me in the flesh!
Its over 10 years now..
Yes something like that, where have you been?
I've been around,though I haven't been in the neighbourhood
for a while
Where are you headng..
I'm waithing for a friend
He's comming to pick me up
Well you should tell that your friend
that he's been keeping you for too long
I just spoke to him
How about exchanging contacts?
Let me just type it in. Thats it.
How's your mom, by the way?
Mom is fine. She's very well.
She will be so surprised when I tell her I saw you
God, she will. And its beem a long time
you're all grown now
So we'll talk again, right?
Sen my regards to her.
Yeah, I will.
Bye..
Bye
Mama!
How are you
I'm fine
You seem to be so happy
did you hit the jackpot?
Mama, do you remember Debo?
Which Debo is that?
Debo, We atteneded the same prinary and secodary
We used to walk to school together
Ah! that Debo?
He must be a grown man by now!
Mama, if you see Debo
He's so handsome, and wealthy. Mama, I've hit the jackpot
If you see Debo
He's so fine!
I hope he's not as sturborn
as he used to be as a child?
No, no ... he's grown.
(flashback)
Debo!Debo!
Goodmorning, Mam.
Amaka, how are you?
I'm fine mam
Debo!
You're keeping your "wife" waiting
Don't you know we're late
Don't mind him!!
Hurry up!
Hey Amaka,
How are you doing?
Bye Bye!
You kow, Amaka
I would like us to have 4 children
Huh! 4 children?
You're funny!
You know I like children?
You're funny.
Amaka, I heard my parents
talking about us moving
What? why?
Where to?
I dont know
but it seems its going to be far from here
That means we won't be able to see each other again
Thats what I heard. I'm very sorry, Amaka.
Alright, lets go.
(Amaka is reminesceing)
(flashback - Debo gives Amaka his favourite toy)
(return from flashback Amaka is cuddling the same toy)
(Phone rings)
Hey
Debo: Since I set my eye on you earlier on
Its been hard for me to get you off my mind
O my God!!
I remember every moment we spent together
Of course, I remember everything vividly
Yeah, I remember when we were kids and we used
to play arround in the neighbourhood.
And then your mom would send you on an errand
The way we held hands...and moved all around.
We were so happy
(flashback)
Good old days, men,
good old days.
Amaka, The truth is
I really want to see you
Yes
Alright, I'm looking forward to that
Yeah
Bye
(Sola is dreaming about Amaka)
(Sola wakes up)
(Debo and Amaka in bed)
Babe, I swear to you, you're the sweetest
Sweetheart, are you OK?
I hope I wont be tossed asside
now that you have become a king?
Baby, I do like the fact
that you've called me a king though
So I, King Adebowale, I don't toss ladies asside
Moreso, this lady is my beautiful queen.
And a beauty like you can never be tossed asside, Okay?
Why should I belive you?
Sweety...I promise you.
There is no woman on earth that can ever take your place
Sure?
I swear to you!
Its a promise, okay?
(Sola is practicing what he wants to say to Amaka)
Amaka,
I've been to the North
Amaka,I've been to the South, I've been to the North
I've been to the East and the West
I've never seen a lady like you
in my entire life
Amaka,
I've waited so long for this day
I've never seen any lady like you...
The door to my heart is open
Please come in!
I love you
I love you so much
And I cannot stop loving you
Please do give me a chance to your heart
(John counghs)
John!
Yes boss.
How long have you been standing here?
Just about 3 minutes now
What?! Why didn't you knock?
I thought I heard you say come in
But did you knock? For me to say "come in"?
Well I said "Come in", but I wasnt talking to you
I'm sorry sir.
I just heard "Come in" and I decided to let myself in
Erm.. boss, I heard you say stuff like
"I love you..."
"...you are the lady oif my life"
"... you're the world of my life..."
Wait, are you preparing to deliver this speech somewhere?
I'm not preparing any speech.
Forget about it, you can't understand
Oh I undestand...
What is there not to understand
Tell me, now...
Okay, so what do you want?
Inspections. We have a seven-storey buiding to inspect at
Ikoyi ...
beside the National bank headquarters.
Okay you go ahead, I'll join you i na moment
Go.
John GO!
Are you sure you dont need my help?
John!
I could help you
You need help... I could help you.
John, go!